  
  
  
  
Author:
  
  
  Arno-Can Uestuensoez.
  
  
  
Reporting Bugs:
  
  
  Report bugs to <acue_sf1@sourceforge.net>
  
  
  
Copyright:
  
  
  Copyright (C) 2007 Arno-Can Uestuensoez (UnioedSessionsManager.org)
  
  
  This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details re-
  fer to provided documentation. This is free software, and you are welcome to
  redistribute it under certain conditions. For details refer to "GNU General
  Public License - version 3" <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
  
  
  
See also:
  
  
  ctys User-Manual.
  
  
  Generated by "dvi2tty" from the unique LaTex sources.
  
  
  
Name:

  ctys-plugins
  
  
Usage:
  
  
  
  ctys-plugins [<options>] [<execution-target-list>]
  
  
  
Description:
  
  "ctys-plugins" is a versatile test-tool for veriocation of current status of
  
  installation. Due to some priority based restrictions it operates partly
  
  on a slightly basic level, involving some specioc pre-deoned trace levels
  
  for output control.  Anyhow, the required options for quick-usage are
  
  documented in the following sections. Extended trace-levels neccessar-
  
  ily require some deeper familiarity with internal design quickly, which
  
  is normally nit required for top-level problem handling.
  
  
  
  The utility could be performed locally or remotely by full support of
  
  remote ctys-addressing without context options on the command line.
  
  If for whatever reasons remote context options are reuqired, than could
  
  be applied to macro deonitions only.
  
  
  
  For now the following main tasks are performed by ctys-plugin:
  
  
  
     o display of operational states and capabilities of plugins
  
  
     o distinguish the check-scope of verioed features by "-E" for client-
  
       site call-RELAY and server-site onal-EXECUTION
  
  
     o display of called system tools with the actual resolved path-preox
  
  
     o display of the actual access permissions as conogured by "/etc/sudoers"
  
       and/or "$HOME/.k5users"/"$HOME/.k5login".
  
  
     o display of any level of system initialization traces during call boot-
  
       strap, refer to common ctys-standard "-d" option
  
  
  
  The output is splitted into 3 sections:
  
  
    1. The orst section is the bootstarp of the tool itself, this includes the
  
       basic intialization of the framework, where only framework specioc
  
       options are evaluated. Typical for this is the "-d" options, which
  
       is prefetched by the library itself.
  
  
    2. The second section contains the trace output during initialisation
  
       of the plugins. The content dependes on the choosen debug level.
  
       Error messages are displayed in any case.
  
  
  
       Checking PLUGINS-STATEs now...
  
       ------------------------------
  
       <trace-output>
  
       ------------------------------
  
       ...results to:
  
  
  
    3. The third section contains the processed results of the evaluated
  
       raw component states.  Therefore an basic overview of the host-
  
       ing system is given, followed by a sum-up of the variuos sets of
  
       plugings related to the dioeerent operational states. The onal list
  
       contains the operational details for each inidividual plugin.
  
  
  
Options:
  
  
  
   -d <common-debug-option>
  
       This option is the common analysis and debugging facility of the
  
       UnioedSessionsManager. Due to the wide scope it is maybe some-
  
       what "like a developer interface".
  
  
  
       Anyhow, the most important application for a user during in-
  
       stallation and orst time systems conoguration is the analysis of
  
       the called system utilities. This frequently leads to some trouble,
  
       which might be obvious, once the following call is executed:
  
  
  
       "ctys-plugins -d 64,P -T all -E"
  
  
  
       This call checks all system calls for the current node as a onal
  
       execution location. The availability as well as (some) access per-
  
       missions are evaluated.  When things don't work, this call is the
  
       orst instance to "ask".
  
  
  
       The "-d" option activates a bit-pattern style debug-level by "P"
  
       suboption. Than the bit "64" is set, which is the predeoned vari-
  
       able "D_SYS", tracing the internal call-wrapper, almost exclu-
  
       sively used for system calls. When not appropriate, the workaround
  
       is implemented in a neatless style.
  
  
  
       The "-T" option sets simply "all" plugings to be loaded and ini-
  
       tialized.
  
  
  
       The "-E" option executes a onal destination call, instead of an
  
       initial or intermediary RELAY-call.
  
  
  
       The following call performs almost the same, but as a client or
  
       RELAY.
  
  
  
       "ctys-plugins -d 64,P -T all"
  
  
  
   -E
  
       Check for local host as onal execution target, this forces full veri-
  
       ocation. If "-E" is not set, only required functionality for a client
  
       role is validated, which could be for some packages almost the
  
       same and though treated as.
  
  
          o This is e.g. the case for PM.
  
          o This is e.g. not the case for XEN, which obviously requires a
  
            completly dioeerent runtime environment for it's clients than
  
            within the server as Dom0/DomU
  
          o This e.g. could be or not the case for VMW, depends on type
  
            of product + version + requested type of client.
  
  
  
   -t <plugin-type>
  
  
  
            The type of plugin to be set to BUSY(4), this is any
  
            SINGLE plugin as applicable by "ctys -t ..." call.
  
  
  
   -T <plugin-preload-typelist>
  
  
  
            The prefetch list of plugins to be set to IDLE(2), before
  
            performing, this is any comma seperated LIST of plugins
  
            as applicable by "ctys -T ..." call.
  
  
  
Arguments:
  
  
  
   <execution-target-list>
  
       An optional list of <execution-target>. When the "-P" option is
  
       choosen, the remote oles will be updated, when suOEtient permis-
  
       sions are available, else the output is collected locally. The call is
  
       simply mapped to a call of the  CLI  plugin with the option
  
       [it:cmd]CMD , thus works syncronuous and sequential.
  
  
  Exit Values:
  
  
  
     o 0: OK
  
       Result is valid.
  
  
     o 1: NOK:
  
       Erroneous parameters.
  
  
     o 2: NOK:
  
       Missing an environment element like oles or databases.
  
  
  
Author:
  
  
  Arno-Can Uestuensoez.
  
  
  
Reporting Bugs:
  
  
  Report bugs to <acue_sf1@sourceforge.net>
  
  
  
Copyright:
  
  
  Copyright (C) 2007 Arno-Can Uestuensoez (UnioedSessionsManager.org)
  
  
  
  This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for de-
  
  tails refer to provided documentation. This is free software, and you are
  
  welcome to redistribute it under certain conditions. For details refer to
  
  "GNU General Public License - version 3" <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
  
  
  
See also:
  
  
  ctys User-Manual.
  
  
  
  Generated by "dvi2tty" from the unique LaTex sources.
  
  
  
                                     1
