This script is prepared for installation of CentOS-5.0. The
installation depends mainly on the selected packages and on the actual
network structure when distributed filesystems are used.
The whole process could take several hours, thus usage of kickstart
should be preferred.


Prerequisites:
--------------

-> PXE:
   A PXE environment including access privileges.

-> Check the network setup with one of the test-images as described
   UnifiedSessionsManager user manual.



Proceed with installation:
--------------------------

1. Create filesystem structure as decribed in UnifiedSessionsManager
   user manual.

   The directory name of "centos50.ctys" has to be named "centos50",
   same as LABEL, else some parts of the software might not work.

   So use the general convention for QEMU plugin:
     LABEL has to be used for the "entry" configuration file as
     filename prefix, and is coded in general as the filename prefix
     for the main image.

   The assumed pathname for the following description is:

     "$HOME/qemu/tst-ctys/centos50/centos50.ctys"

2. Create an image within the same directory as "centos50.ctys" named
   as "centos50.img":

     "qemu-img create -f qcow centos50.img 6G"

3. Customize the configuration file "centos50.ctys" as required.

4. Install with

   a. PXE by calling:

      ctys \
       -t qemu \
       -a create=p:$HOME/qemu/tst-ctys/centos50/centos50.ctys,console:sdl,bootmode:PXE \
       app2


      Some "patience and trust" is required particularly for the
      initial install steps, because the basic steps checks work
      partly without a visible progress indicator but take some time.

      E.g. the dependecy check could required 20 minutes or more,
      which of course depends on the actual selected packages and the
      used equipment.


   When after a final reboot during install process a native boot in
   the freshly installed system is not entered, than just halt the VM
   and start with "BOOTMODE:VHDD", which is the default behaviour.
   This should be the "centos50.img" install image.
